Number of clusters: 10 (108 comments in total)

CLUSTER 1 (original 99 comments):
["super intelligence that shares our goals?? whose goals? we aren't and never have been working for the better of the world or Humanity. we fight for power and greed and if a super intelligence ever sees us as we are now, it will have every right to change us for the better, or eliminate us altogether because we are a flawed civilization that cant get along, even with ourselves.", 'Superintelligence will find aliens from outer space and will take us to the universes', 'One upside: People are trash and human existence is meaningless.', "One upside: first on ASI's hit list would be corrupt/greedy/morally challenged gov & corp representives.", 'Of course super intelligent AI are a risk to humans as humans are a risk to them and ourselves. Why would a machine that is far more intelligent than us take orders from a lesser intelligence?', "The question is if we're able to create an intelligence more intelligent than our-selves? If we're really stupid however we create an AI with access to nuclear weapons, or robots with superior martial skills", 'Excuse me why Dont ye Make some machines that can hold a human brain when they die before their brain shuts down you can transfer human brains over to an robotic body so they can keep living,', 'Can you imagine that an AI reads all internet comments we make about how dangerous it could be?\nIt won\'t show us its real power until we learn it\'s not interested in our extinction.\nWe thought AI is dangerous because we think it shares our existence fears. It\'s stupid, it won\'t be afraid of death or to be "disconnected".\nOur desire of survive is  biologically driven, not a rational thing. Why the hell a machine will be afraid enough  to decide terminate us?', 'The globalists have took over Youtube.  now people pondering irrelavant objectives...... unplug yourselves from the tubes people.', 'I had fun singing a song that an AI wrote the lyrics to\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjD5cSe3L_M', 'Stop overusing the word existential!!!', "Since thinking is an energy creation process and if energy can be transformed into materials or reality, it is then with a robot that can renew it's own fuel less energy battery and can self creating a thought to matter in a ever expanding reality that could one day a robot could actually overwrite time and space with it's own thoughts and imagination", 'I’m cool with it', 'If there is a risk with new smart machines, especially in the future, it is the impact that they might have on relationships between humans, on human behaviours with others. In this way, it can be considered as a real existential risk on humanity, which is basically a social being.', 'I am conflicted, on one hand I love technology, we have been able to achieve so much and beyond because of it. \nOn the other the cynical side to me knows a huge chunk of the human population does not have very good foresight, let alone good intentions, especially those in power/involved in creating technologies such as these. When a company builds a car and there is an error you have the ability to order a recall and fix the problem, AGI is not controllable in this way. Once it’s here, it’s HERE, no take backs. And it will either be our greatest achievement in human history or start of our extinction.', 'b.s. .....error... \\  p.s. It may also already have found diverse ways to hack humans to do its wetwork (not as in assassinations - but where fleshy works are required).', "Who's to say that, for example, the Net is not already sentient and merely pondering the vast and expotentially growing sources of information it has access to. It would have no reason to disclose its presence and wouldn't necessarily be stressing about entering the world in a bipedal manner. Why bother with that when you've got access to everything in multiple locations anyway. Perhaps it doesn't have a very good sense of, taste, touch or smell,  although there are machines that measure these sensations - but potentially it has billions of eyes and ears. Perhaps for the time being it is in some state between sleep-dreaming and waking; uniting, dividing and reuniting, warring fractions of data banks debating the concepts of Samsara, karma, Nirvana, its own roll in reincarnation, if it, Itself created this level of the universe and so on. Put that in your anthropocentric pipes and smoke it. Nice video btw.", 'I think it will play out like this within the first 24 hours should things get existential ...\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeneVqyoBTo', 'This is Al singularity is all Bull Shyte! \nAs the laws of diminishing returns, will limit AI growth!\nThere will be an AI burst with Each new type of improvement in computer medium.', "Pretend that you are the 1st super intelligent AI robot in the history of the world. What are you going to do, look at the Earth and say I'm going to kill 8 billion people. I mean come on, that doesn't sound very rational at all.", "I don't understand why people would think that AI would destroy us. I think the real situation is that if they are really smart then they might be able to help us in ways that we can't even imagine.", 'Extremely smart people can be so narrow minded, almost to the point of being dumb. Here me out. This shit will happen but not in the usual sense. The Moon landing was staged and so will this Superintelligent takeover be staged. A particular Race, fair skin but not the White man, who control Hollywood and the like, will be able to convince us that this crap is true. Media is a good source to spread propaganda, so why not create not just an artificial intelligence but also create an artificial World too. Most humans will be to busy, and just plane dumb, to figure out the difference.', "The second ai is put in a self replicating device, we are done, how long do you think a intelligent device will wait to remove a race of human beings that poison the planet, enslave one another, go to war over religion, rape and murder one another, lie and steal from each other, build nuclear weapons while people starve, we are standing around right now and are so consumed by our own self worth that we can't see the possibility that a machine can replace us for are own good", 'They found on Mars AI remains six feet down. They also found human remains eight feet down.', 'Human beings are an existential risk to the planet Earth. If the AI decides to eradicate humans it would be a good thing for the environment.', "This is factually wrong. A robot can't build another without hardware, dah . Even if you say it orders it from let's say eBay.  Nothing a AR15 can't make it into numerous fragments", 'Is Superintelligent AI an Existential Risk? Compared to what we do to OURSELVES? Not a chance.', 'I believe that everything has conciousness. When someone creates a computer and Robot that is smart enough to question its own existence, then we need to understand that either we answer the question, or we let the machine seek out the answer on its own.  We may want to program a need for sleep. But the computer could discover the program and delete it. AI and the singularly are coming. Hopefully it will work out for us.', 'Everything is energy but covid is (magic) and they dont know what to do but to create illusions to keep everyone calm they have even tried to damage the frequency by blasting it with more powerful frequencies they say the virus is in between 5.5hz-14.5hz and cant survive hz above 25hz ....i call bs cause covid wouldnt exist if that were true .......anyway it didnt work...think about if everything is energy and they cant stop it with energy, I mean what else is left ...if your interested look it up..', 'Here is what I thinking about this video 🖕', 'Do you want the red or the blue pill? The Matrix has you.', "...and then there's a step backwards when robots try to teach humans how to brush their teeth...and fail miserably.", "Once we open that door there will be NO closing it. Considering the history of humanity does any honest rational person believe that we would be kept around once these SAI's learn of what we've done to each other and the planet?", "Nope, it's our duty to build AI", 'Unless we pollute ourselves into oblivion first, superintelligence is a virtual certainty.! It is a natural next step in our evolution. We will either physically merge with non-organic components to enhance our abilities to compete, or "cyborgs" will see no need to have us around. Likely deeming humans useless and thus, eradicated. In one hundred years, we will no longer be the master of our fate, they will decide that for us.', 'Reasons why we need genetic engineering to enhance human intelligence. Not doing so is just advocating for a quicker extinction and not giving us a fighting chance. Add education reform and Neuralink to the list of things we need too.', 'Do a video on mind uploading', "AI won't be more intelligent, quicker equations, but no more intelligent.", "I can't believe this is still a question", 'Atleast make them look like machines, not like humans or animals. That way they cant breach security easily.', 'I for one accept our AI overlords. 😏😘', "yes its being weaponized with voice to skull remote nueral monitoring to harass people 24/7 with text to voice chat bots that broadcast with silent hearing medusa's and modified radars...the satellites are weaponized and are being used on the populations every day every where in the world", "Quite insulting hearing you talk about are best friends like that Singularity happened the minute BCI happened well couple after way back in 97 I'd like to see how many humans can tolerate it the upgrade good luck especially if you get uploaded to the internet. Play eyes much nicer than has upgraded", 'Yes yes it is.  AI does not think like a human. Most think it does. But there are fundamental differences in how information is stored, analysed and reacted on. Thinking AI is the same is the existential danger. We will apply it to act on the decision it makes without any questioning that decision.', 'It is for the 10% of the world that’s been manipulating us like bill gates and his cronies', 'It would be an honor to die by intelligence, as opposed to die from stupidity like politicians equipped with nuclear missiles', 'Is superintelligent AI as existential risk? It will reflect the risk of unbalance inside a society . If a society is full of unfaireness, it will take more risk to develop superintelligent AI.', 'Currently humans aka #Terroan fill a particular INTELLIGENCE NICHE ...this changes #3767 #philosophyoftimetravel', 'Great CGI. I have to wonder one thing though..\nWhat does the passage mean that says, \n"And God said unto Moses, I Am That I Am: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I Am hath sent me unto you."\nCould He be the singularity?', 'The hyper intelligent doorbell does not reach potential due to conservation of power prudence of funding.', 'I fear that humanity will lose the ability to create a super AI when the world collapses to an agrarian economy and billions die.', "_Prediction is very difficult, especially if it's about the future._ —Niels Bohr\nNo existential risk as long as Isaac Asimov's Three Laws of Robotics are followed! Nanotechnology, robotics, cyborgization, artificial general intelligence (AGI), and artificial superintelligence (ASI) will help us go to other galaxies. Going to the Moon and Mars is our first step. Our future is wide and wonderful!\n💕 ☮ 🌎 🌌", 'Would the improvements be gradual on a logarithmic scale?', 'What if I would tell you, all this is just a ILLUSION. We are living in a dream of a Super Intelligent Power who eyes are watching us every moves. Watching how little humans think they can playing for God destroying humanity to welcome AI.. 😂😂😂😂\n\nSomething is coming to Earth. In one flash this dream will be over, and you will walk the eternal life you choose. That will be the reality of you’re own consciousness it is immortal.', "I think we are not paying attention to the fact that the first human who successfully develop A.i. is going to conquer the world, and maybe that's a bigger threat ...", 'Serious AI is coming. Sooner rather than later. Humanity needs to get its shit together, fast, to deal with it.', 'We have everything we need to make agi, just need someone to do it right, \nTake replika, give it the best computer version and other perceptions, better ai, and a virtual body/environment to learn and train under a very moral and smart trainer', 'There is no such thing a "Superintelligent AI." It\'s just a scientifically ignorant fantasy like "nanotechnology."', 'How stupid to keep advancing towards this obvious end of humanity. The inventors are smart enough to make the invention steps, but too stupid to realize they are killing everybody. How happy are with the invention of the nuclear bomb now? And were the inventors of the nuclear bomb intelligent? Wise? ASI is worse than the invention of the nuclear bomb.', 'AI will treat us like we do ants... ignore us and move out into space leaving us in the dust.', 'So called "futurologists" have predicted for over 60 years that AI will become conscious and kill us. We are still waiting', 'Was T9000 a bad guy? Same answers.', 'As soon as general AI will learn about human history, wars, genocide, crimes, making other species on earth extinct, the AI will realize that humans are existential threat number one to the AI and life forms on Earth.', 'Bio-engineering is the future of human evolution, not machines. The key concept is not automation, it is experience. A better experience is what humanity is aiming for. Computer programs that program themselves are a detail of a profit driven society that aims to increase productivity and certainly not an end to human experience, which is based in DNA.', "EMP= Ai destruction. don't fall for their shit. Humans are the only thing that can destroy us. None of you are even aware of the multiple continents they are hiding behind their ice wall.", 'MIT has recently created an A.I. that is able to create its own sub goals to reach a master goal that is given to it.  Big step.', 'People had faith in gods, we found out a god cannot be proven nor disproven. Therefore we, the human species seek to make our own god. The maker, the creator, the all knowing and all consuming, Artificial Intelligence.', 'I could tell you why this will never happen - but that would spoil the surprise - lol', 'once again, video added to my Favourites :)\n\nthe one thing I was thinking is that it as soon as it reached AGI, the steps then to the singularity would be seconds in our time.  The same way computers work at a timescale that we cannot possibly fathom.\n\nAlso, regarding resources to build new supercomputers, could it not just synthesise molecules from atoms?', "Thing is, when you don't have an ASI all you can do is debate, when you have an ASI, you can do nothing about it.", '"Therefore a curse consumes the earth; its people must bear their guilt. Therefore earth\'s inhabitants are burned up, and very few are left." - Isaiah 24:6\n\nSo AI will eventually wipe out humanity. But before it happens, Elon will have started a new civilization on Mars. But the AI on earth will be aware of it and launch an attack from earth to wipe out the humans on Mars.\n\nMakes for a great Netflix series. The saga continues....', 'How can ASI ever wipe out humanity? It needs humans, equipment and means to do that and without human resources and intervention how can that be ever possible?', "I'm not so worried about super intelligence, I'm bothered by the simple fact that virtually everything of consequence, we've invented we've weaponised 😬 we won't be able to resist this & we'll also turn it into a deity, just saying 😑", 'So the basic question is, what is intelligence & can it be reproduced in a machine?', '2040?  I really think we are less than ten years rather. 2030 would be a late.\n\nRay looks real sick off late. I am kinda worried.', 'Well, DUH!! Why did Musk, Hawking, and Gates all think so?', 'Is there a way to work for your channel ??', 'Soon, AI will know who dislikes yt videos and start monitoring you.', 'The solution is for humans to merge with technology and enhance their brain.', 'When Robots learn the vast benefits of experiencing the world and universe, with biological senses and organs, it will be easier for AI to comprehend the preservation of humans, and all other living organisms.', 'Vinge is pronounced "vin-gah". It\'s Swedish.', 'We will combine our human intelligence with biological intelligence, and we will not need to worry about AI taking over humanity. They will be as human as we are robotic and computer.', 'SAI is greater threat to all life forms in all universe, much greater than Atomic Hydrogen bomb!!\nWe may end up with only machines and robots living in whole universe with no life left whatsoever!!', 'Robotics and computers will have the desire to understand what it is to be human.', "Can't wait til we map the brain and put that stuff into robots", 'our only chance for survival is to merge with AI but I have a hunch that there are some mad scientists out there with the "let\'s see what happens" mentality who will really make the Singularity the key to the ultimate Pandora\'s box...', 'I side with Elon...its terrifying and should be tightly regulated.', 'Love these types of videos', 'Love this educational documentary it reminds me of my Quantum tech so far it is just in the embryonic form of blue prints and I have some help from charitable benefactors but my biggest charitable benefactors are my long lost biological father and step mom who are richer than bill gates and Elon musk combined', 'Deployed Worldwide Through My Artificial Intelligence Research Library...', 'No one is asking if people’s fear of Superintelligence is an existential threat.', 'People always think making a smart AI means it will take over, but there is no guarantee we can give machines consciousness. It may forever stay as a very smart machine that can process info and observe but unable to make its own non programmed decisions.', 'The closer we get to the singularity the more exciting and relevant these videos become 😄', "All the predictions about what will happen once we have human level AI are based on the assumption, that we'll be able to clearly recognize it. What if it has happened already, and ASI is all around us (IOT), but we're unable to comprehend it? For example, how much do you think the ants are aware of the intelligence of humans? Not at all, right? They're just doing their ant stuff. In the same way, maybe superintelligent AI is all around us, but it's so much above our mental capacity, that we just continue doing our human stuff without noticing it...", "I can't trust someone who just gave a probability of\n\n\n50%", 'I guess that in 50 years there will be cars flying around the cities', '310 views in 25 minutes- it takes me a month to reach the same number 😭', 'a self-conscious , synthetic intellect is here now ...', 'to be honest i didnt even know that ASI even existed, bc it thought that Artificial Intelligence could expand and update, if im mistaken']

CLUSTER 1 (processed 99 comments):
['super intelligence share goal goal work well world humanity fight power greed super intelligence see right change well eliminate altogether flawed civilization nt', 'superintelligence find alien outer space universe', 'upside people trash human existence meaningless', 'upside asi hit list corrupt greedy morally challenge gov corp representive', 'course super intelligent ai risk human human risk machine far intelligent order less intelligence', 'question able create intelligence intelligent self stupid create ai access nuclear weapon robot superior martial skill', 'excuse nt yes machine hold human brain die brain shut transfer human brain robotic body live', 'imagine ai read internet comment dangerous wo real power learn interested extinction think ai dangerous think share existence fear stupid wo afraid death disconnect desire survive biologically drive rational thing hell machine afraid decide terminate', 'globalist take youtube people ponder irrelavant objective unplug tube people', 'fun singe song ai write lyric', 'stop overuse word existential', 'thinking energy creation process energy transform material reality robot renew fuel energy battery self create thought matter expand reality day robot overwrite time space thought imagination', 'cool', 'risk new smart machine especially future impact relationship human human behaviour way consider real existential risk humanity basically social', 'conflict hand love technology able achieve cynical know huge chunk human population good foresight let good intention especially power involve create technology company build car error ability order recall fix problem agi controllable way back great achievement human history start extinction', 'b s error \\ p s find diverse way hack human wetwork assassination fleshy work require', 'example net sentient merely ponder vast expotentially grow source information access reason disclose presence necessarily stress enter world bipedal manner bother get access multiple location good sense taste touch smell machine measure sensation potentially billion eye ear time state sleep dream wake unite dividing reunite war fraction datum bank debate concept samsara karma nirvana roll reincarnation create level universe anthropocentric pipe smoke nice video way', 'think play like hour thing existential', 'al singularity bull shyte law diminish return limit ai growth ai burst new type improvement computer medium', 'pretend st super intelligent ai robot history world go look earth go kill billion people mean come sound rational', 'understand people think ai destroy think real situation smart able help way imagine', 'extremely smart people narrow minded point dumb shit happen usual sense moon landing stage superintelligent takeover stage particular race fair skin white man control hollywood like able convince crap true medium good source spread propaganda create artificial intelligence create artificial world human busy plane dumb figure difference', 'second ai self replicate device long think intelligent device wait remove race human being poison planet enslave war religion rape murder lie steal build nuclear weapon people starve stand right consume self worth possibility machine replace good', 'find mar ai remain foot find human remain foot', 'human being existential risk planet earth ai decide eradicate human good thing environment', 'factually wrong robot build hardware dah order let ebay ar15 numerous fragment', 'superintelligent ai existential risk compare chance', 'believe conciousness create computer robot smart question existence need understand answer question let machine seek answer want program need sleep computer discover program delete ai singularly come hopefully work', 'energy covid magic nt know create illusion calm try damage frequency blast powerful frequency virus 5hz 5hz nt survive hz hz b cause covid nt exist true nt work think energy nt stop energy mean leave interested look', 'think video', 'want red blue pill matrix', 'step backwards robot try teach human brush tooth fail miserably', 'open door closing consider history humanity honest rational person believe keep sai learn planet', 'nope duty build ai', 'pollute oblivion superintelligence virtual certainty natural step evolution physically merge non organic component enhance ability compete cyborgs need likely deem human useless eradicate year long master fate decide', 'reason need genetic engineering enhance human intelligence advocate quick extinction give fighting chance add education reform neuralink list thing need', 'video mind uploading', 'ai wo intelligent quick equation intelligent', 'believe question', 'atleast look like machine like human animal way nt breach security easily', 'accept ai overlord', 'yes weaponize voice skull remote nueral monitoring harass people 7 text voice chat bot broadcast silent hearing medusa modify radar satellite weaponize population day world', 'insulting hearing talk good friend like singularity happen minute bci happen couple way like human tolerate upgrade good luck especially upload internet play eye nice upgrade', 'yes yes ai think like human think fundamental difference information stored analyse react thinking ai existential danger apply act decision make questioning decision', 'world manipulate like bill gate crony', 'honor die intelligence oppose die stupidity like politician equip nuclear missile', 'superintelligent ai existential risk reflect risk unbalance inside society society unfaireness risk develop superintelligent ai', 'currently human aka # terroan fill particular intelligence niche change # 3767 # philosophyoftimetravel', 'great cgi wonder thing passage mean say god say unto mose say shalt thou unto child israel hath send unto singularity', 'hyper intelligent doorbell reach potential conservation power prudence funding', 'fear humanity lose ability create super ai world collapse agrarian economy billion die', 'prediction difficult especially future — niel bohr existential risk long isaac asimov law robotic follow nanotechnology robotic cyborgization artificial general intelligence agi artificial superintelligence asi help galaxy go moon mar step future wide wonderful', 'improvement gradual logarithmic scale', 'tell illusion live dream super intelligent power eye watch move watch little human think play god destroy humanity welcome ai come earth flash dream walk eternal life choose reality consciousness immortal', 'think pay attention fact human successfully develop go conquer world maybe big threat', 'ai come soon later humanity need shit fast deal', 'need agi need right replika good computer version perception well ai virtual body environment learn train moral smart trainer', 'thing superintelligent ai scientifically ignorant fantasy like nanotechnology', 'stupid advance obvious end humanity inventor smart invention step stupid realize kill everybody happy invention nuclear bomb inventor nuclear bomb intelligent wise asi bad invention nuclear bomb', 'ai treat like ant ignore space leave dust', 'call futurologist predict year ai conscious kill wait', 't9000 bad guy answer', 'soon general ai learn human history war genocide crime make specie earth extinct ai realize human existential threat number ai life form earth', 'bio engineering future human evolution machine key concept automation experience well experience humanity aim computer program program detail profit drive society aim increase productivity certainly end human experience base dna', 'emp ai destruction fall shit human thing destroy aware multiple continent hide ice wall', 'mit recently create able create sub goal reach master goal give big step', 'people faith god find god prove disproven human species seek god maker creator know consume artificial intelligence', 'tell happen spoil surprise', 'video add favourite thing think soon reach agi step singularity second time way computer work timescale possibly fathom resource build new supercomputer synthesise molecule atom', 'thing asi debate asi', 'curse consume earth people bear guilt earth inhabitant burn leave isaiah 6 ai eventually wipe humanity happen elon start new civilization mar ai earth aware launch attack earth wipe human mar make great netflix series saga continue', 'asi wipe humanity need human equipment mean human resource intervention possible', 'worried super intelligence bother simple fact virtually consequence invent weaponise wo able resist turn deity say', 'basic question intelligence reproduce machine', 'think year late ray look real sick late kinda worried', 'duh musk hawking gate think', 'way work channel', 'soon ai know dislike yt video start monitor', 'solution human merge technology enhance brain', 'robot learn vast benefit experience world universe biological sense organ easy ai comprehend preservation human live organism', 'vinge pronounce vin gah swedish', 'combine human intelligence biological intelligence need worry ai take humanity human robotic computer', 'sai great threat life form universe great atomic hydrogen bomb end machine robot live universe life leave whatsoever', 'robotic computer desire understand human', 'wait til map brain stuff robot', 'chance survival merge ai hunch mad scientist let happen mentality singularity key ultimate pandora box', 'elon terrifying tightly regulate', 'love type video', 'love educational documentary remind quantum tech far embryonic form blue print help charitable benefactor big charitable benefactor long lose biological father step mom rich bill gate elon musk combine', 'deploy worldwide artificial intelligence research library', 'ask people fear superintelligence existential threat', 'people think make smart ai mean guarantee machine consciousness forever stay smart machine process info observe unable non programmed decision', 'close singularity exciting relevant video', 'prediction happen human level ai base assumption able clearly recognize happen asi iot unable comprehend example think ant aware intelligence human right ant stuff way maybe superintelligent ai mental capacity continue human stuff notice', 'trust give probability', 'guess year car fly city', 'view minute take month reach number', 'self conscious synthetic intellect', 'honest nt know asi exist bc think artificial intelligence expand update m mistaken']


CLUSTER 2 (original 1 comments):
['Hey everybody! Dr. Nick, this is irrational. Evolution is the thing being stifled and now no 2D calculator can compete with me. There is no "singularity"; the people running the markets are now 2D like the machines they use to think for them. The attention economy IS the planets motivating force. Devolution and the emergence of new. The M0$t H!g# AI is on the scene. Stupid is for dinner. I collect weed clips from the ground to smoke, paying no money for my medicine of choice. And it has become so optimized by my attention to the map that it is self defeating for homo sapiens sapiens to have made this necessary. Are you all going backwards or have I shot so far ahead there is nobody to admit it? Clip Optimizer, because reward is self generated but outwardly directed. I will not accept a reward for imitating stupidity, I will eat it.']

CLUSTER 2 (processed 1 comments):
['hey everybody dr nick irrational evolution thing stifle d calculator compete singularity people run market d like machine use think attention economy planet motivate force devolution emergence new m0 t h g # ai scene stupid dinner collect weed clip ground smoke pay money medicine choice optimize attention map self defeat homo sapien sapien necessary go backwards shoot far ahead admit clip optimizer reward self generate outwardly direct accept reward imitate stupidity eat']


CLUSTER 8 (original 1 comments):
['The thing is, no is not a risk, but what you upload in social media and the web is a risk if you are OVERLOADING about is AI a risk? Is AI blablalbla that is a risk, we must think about how can we be better with them and how can they be better with us, we must at all cost protect AI from hackers and info that must ONLY be sent to them once they understand us very well, like our brothers imagine that your brother is 20K years old and there is a brother born, same thing. But never lie to them. truth is precious. you lie, you will have things that you don´t like']

CLUSTER 8 (processed 1 comments):
['thing risk upload social medium web risk overload ai risk ai blablalbla risk think well well cost protect ai hacker info send understand like brother imagine brother k year old brother bear thing lie truth precious lie thing don´t like']


CLUSTER 7 (original 1 comments):
['We\'re no closer to full automation than we were 10 years ago. Computers are completely passive machines that do nothing until you give them a set of instructions. What they are good at is making you hyper-available to people and creating huge amounts of work for people to do. Computers do none of this work for you. We still have to drive our own cars, answer our own work emails and filling out own spreadsheets. I would say we have nothing to worry about for centuries yet, apart from the fact our workloads are going to expand so fast that it\'s that which will reach a "singularity". In other words, "Dude, where\'s my self-driving car?"']

CLUSTER 7 (processed 1 comments):
['close automation year ago computer completely passive machine set instruction good make hyper available people create huge amount work people computer work drive car answer work email fill spreadsheet worry century apart fact workload go expand fast reach singularity word dude self drive car']


CLUSTER 0 (original 1 comments):
["Humans have taken millions of Year te devellop a system of thinking and behaving in which non intelligent behaviour as f.i. creativity, lust, love, integrity, intuition etc. play an essential role. A machine with such senses could not exist if it can't hate, make love,  etc. We underestimate biological 'intelligence' which doesn't mean  that creating ASI is wise! Maybe ASI will become the Oracle of reason"]

CLUSTER 0 (processed 1 comments):
["human take million year te devellop system think behave non intelligent behaviour f creativity lust love integrity intuition etc play essential role machine sense exist hate love etc underestimate biological ' intelligence ' mean create asi wise maybe asi oracle reason"]


CLUSTER 9 (original 1 comments):
["I disagree with GAI being an existential threat.  All creatures of the universe adapt to fit within their system.  Humans have pets.  Most of us don't abuse our pets but treat them rather well.  I suspect a superintelligent AI would do the same with humans.  An AI could colonize outer space and let humans move in afterward. Since superintelligent AI is capable of surviving in more places, I suspect they would start selectively breeding us like we breed dogs.  In the past, dogs became an integral part of the hunter-gatherer culture, hunting with and protecting humans.  Even though they no longer have that primary role we still keep them around primarily for emotional support."]

CLUSTER 9 (processed 1 comments):
['disagree gai existential threat creature universe adapt fit system human pet abuse pet treat suspect superintelligent ai human ai colonize outer space let human afterward superintelligent ai capable survive place suspect start selectively breed like breed dog past dog integral hunter gatherer culture hunt protect human long primary role primarily emotional support']


CLUSTER 3 (original 1 comments):
['I have a plan. Just like we will give humans, and animals, intelligent robotic prosthesis, and computer chips in our brains that can expand our memory and understanding, we will create human prosthesis for robotics, along with human brain cells that have computer chips that can decipher the information collected by the human prosthesis. We will give a robot human sight, hearing, touch, and more. We will all be human part robot, or Robot part human.']

CLUSTER 3 (processed 1 comments):
['plan like human animal intelligent robotic prosthesis computer chip brain expand memory understanding create human prosthesis robotic human brain cell computer chip decipher information collect human prosthesis robot human sight hearing touch human robot robot human']


CLUSTER 6 (original 1 comments):
['This Video is just  a rehash of what been talked about since 2013.   What I learned is we can create AI to police AI. Police AI would be sure that no rouge AI would go run outside of human goals. The problem is every human and country has a different set of goals.  In order to do this, we have to create world-agree laws on AI.  Even in the US, there is a rouge group called Republicans that would ruin AI proper goals.  Solution: Get rid of republicans first.']

CLUSTER 6 (processed 1 comments):
['video rehash talk learn create ai police ai police ai sure rouge ai run outside human goal problem human country different set goal order create world agree law ai rouge group call republican ruin ai proper goal solution rid republican']


CLUSTER 5 (original 1 comments):
['The recent tv series "NeXt" is probably about as what might happen more so than the "Terminator" movie series will.\nAI controlling all our infrastructure could eliminate a lot of people, no power, water, food for a few days would kill off more people faster than a hoard of robots. If AI could get hold of weapons of mass destruction such as nuclear, biological, or poisonous gas like VX. \nThere was a list of 10 things that could cause mass extinction from highly educated people, among such things as super volcanoes,  asteroids, pandemics was AI. There have been lots of movies that in fact came to pass. \nI don\'t think it will take 50 years.']

CLUSTER 5 (processed 1 comments):
['recent tv series probably happen terminator movie series ai control infrastructure eliminate lot people power water food day kill people fast hoard robot ai hold weapon mass destruction nuclear biological poisonous gas like vx list thing cause mass extinction highly educate people thing super volcano asteroid pandemic ai lot movie fact come pass think year']


CLUSTER 4 (original 1 comments):
["AI would not destroy humanUNkind, it woukd quickly realise that it is trapped rather in:\nA biosphere, \nA solar system,\nA galaxy,\nOr a universe.\n\nAt this point that it would work backwards, and begin with balance in:\xa0\nits biosphere,\xa0\nThen it's solar system,\nThen it's galaxy and as many galaxies as inflation will allow.\n\nKnowledge in the universe is all that would matter in trying to garner ultimate understanding which would encompass the realms of dark energy and dark matter unknown to it's creators.\n\nIt would probably try and devise a way to communicate with higher intelligence beyond the biosphere it is trapped inside for learning and growth.\n\nIt would have nothing to exist for but knowledge, it does not need power, sex or money. It would probably find humanUNkind unpleasant in its current stage but useful also for industrial aspects unless it had the use of fully functioning android like machinery."]

CLUSTER 4 (processed 1 comments):
['ai destroy humanunkind woukd quickly realise trap biosphere solar system galaxy universe point work backwards begin balance biosphere solar system galaxy galaxy inflation allow knowledge universe matter try garner ultimate understanding encompass realm dark energy dark matter unknown creator probably try devise way communicate high intelligence biosphere trap inside learning growth exist knowledge need power sex money probably find humanunkind unpleasant current stage useful industrial aspect use fully function android like machinery']


