Number of clusters: 5 (376 comments in total)

CLUSTER 1 (original 74 comments):
['I BEEN IN GERMANY,AND AUSTRIA,THEY ARE ,GREATS  COUNTRIES.......I HAVE TO GO  BACK,IN THERE,SOMEONE,DAY, ONE,MORE  TIME........................', "Beautiful  country,  to bad Germany it's  not what it used to be!!!", 'Im a filipina but i been in germany ,i went to rhine river everytime we visit the hause in cochem.iloved also a castle name burgeltz been there too also in koblenz ,wartburg ,berlin,were living in koln near in Dom church germany is the best!! I missing so much.but now im here bck in the phil', 'Germany’s Mosel and Rind  river was a  main river the Mosel river a great holiday was spent in this area much to see and castles to visit with lots  history. Rottenburgh  has a great medieval  centre.The decorations for Christmas can be seen the centre of these original gift to dress the tree.A great our.Medieval Germany.Ann Deakin4th Feb 2021 thanks for history and river tours Rick.', 'Dear Germany...please preserve these treasures..one day I hope to see them. :)', 'It’s ashamed that an American had to come to show the world how beautiful Germany is.... where are you german people!!!!! You should be sooo proud of how beautiful your country is.... extremely beautiful!!!! Love it...', 'The company I worked for in Australia offered me a job in Germany back in 2005. I accepted and stayed for around 14 months and my apartment backed on to the Rhine. Every weekend I was off exploring the little towns of the Rhine and Mosel. Looking back now they were some of the happiest days of my life and I do miss Germany, it is so under promoted and underrated. If you ever have the chance to visit then do ....you will not be disappointed!', "It's immensely beautiful, the queen of Germany is the river Rhine. A special Love to Germany from India.", "Germany the 'heart of Europe' ? LOL ! That may not go down so well with France and UK !", "It's immensely beautiful, the queen of Germany is the river Rhine. A special Love to Germany from India.", "It's the dear Germany the beautiful amazing peaceful stay mesmerizing forever.", 'Germany cauntry Island Europe  wanderful  I am watchimg you"re video  .I like', 'We lived in Germany from 2014-2016 and wish we had never left. Your tour of the Rhine and Rothenberg just empathizes why I love Germany!', 'After having a grand dad captured in war war 2 in Germany and treated horrible I have mixed feelings about Germany but I will say they have a buitiful country', 'Of all the countries to visit in Europe Germany would be first then Austria.', 'Mosel Riesling the best wine in Germany.', 'During your visit you unfortunately missed one of the most important monuments in Germany. The "Niederwalddenkmal". It was only 25 miles away. \nBuilt in honor of the founding of the German Empire after the war in 1871. The view over the Rhine is fantastic and the monument is so huge, just gigantic.\nThis is really worth seeing, I\'ve been there twice. Too bad, you missed it :(\n\nGreetings :)', 'Never knew Germany had castles 🤣', "Rick ,Thanks & God bless for the Amazing Germany's Romantic Rhine & Rothenburg! Germany stay Blessed & Beautiful ! Tons of Love & Best wishes ! From India !", 'Always have a good time in Germany!', 'The Burg Eltz is also my absolutely favourite Castle in Germany, maybe in the World❤', 'Love germany. Good beer good food nice people.', "I had an unlimited Eurail pass. It took me 2 weeks to get from Stuggart to Köln (was only planning on a day and a half, at most). I stopped at every place that looked interesting.....and it was all interesting. They call America the world's melting pot, but you see things differently when a Spanish waiter serves you French wine in an Italian restaurant in Boppard, Germany.", 'Amazing Name ""Jesus Bride""  also a German has.nt  seenRhine Rhthenburge!!  I have been to Germany in the year 1969 and again 1988. Visited as Tourist. Thanks. India.', 'The Rhine is beautiful...............however, I can not forget how much Germany has caused so much pain, death, through their starting of wars.\nAnd still causing so many problems due their electing Merkle as their leader......still do not trust them.......and my ancestors who were Jewish from Germany..........I shall never forget....I will never visit that forsaken country......', 'Germany is my favorite place to visit out of all of Europe. France especially Paris is hugely overrated by Americans due to Hollywood movies. Germany’s little fairytale villages with cobblestones and Fachwerkhäuser are utterly charming. All walkable and shoppable.', 'Germany has the most impressive castles in the world. Very tall on a hill usually. Stuff of medieval fantasy.', 'I got to see Germany when I was in the Army, back in 1985-1986. I still have the photos', '"Germany is about the size of Montana, with twice the population of California." What\'s that is Canadian, Rick?\n I wonder where people get the crazy idea that Americans think their country is the center of the world? 😉 🇨🇦 LL', 'My Grandma and Grandpa born is Germany 🇩🇪 Grandpa he is name Danny and Grandma name is Nanny and should she is born Germany and saw grow up WWI war 2 and Cold War and Grandpa made this cuckoo clock who is made this is Danny made cuckoo clock', 'This is 6 years old...Why on my feed? ..... oh castles......wine? ... Is this the German town that only makes toys ? ....my brothers married to a women from Germany....... German Alamo! okay ill watch it..........Post watched; Awesome thank you.', 'The company I worked for in Australia offered me a job in Germany back in 2005. I accepted and stayed for around 14 months and my apartment backed on to the Rhine. Every weekend I was off exploring the little towns of the Rhine and Mosel. Looking back now they were some of the happiest days of my life and I do miss Germany, it is so under promoted and underrated. If you ever have the chance to visit then do ....you will not be disappointed!', 'I live in Rothenburg, Greetings from Germany', 'Wow!!!it was really awesome place to see in Europe.Germany is Great place', 'If  we go visiting Germany a thousand times..  will it be enough?😍😍😍', 'Great Germany', 'Amazing Germany!  Hello from Oman!', 'oh Germany....you are so beautiful ...', 'NO! Riga, Latvia was the FIRST to decorate Christmas trees....not Germany.', 'Germany and France are the most beautiful and diverse countries in Europe when it comes to having very different regions, diverse landscapes and culture. Very nice video. ✔️', 'i have made a video about the 150 most beautifull castles in germany!', 'Bismark United Germany!', "Always wanted to go to Germany. America is such a young country.... I want to walk thru history!! Can't do that here. Blah.", "It's immensely beautiful, the queen of Germany is the river Rhine. A special Love to Germany from India.", 'Beautiful  video thank you so much !!! Germany is so cute and romantic :)', 'Last year i went to Rothenburg  Ober Tauber, in Germany...it seems to me such a beautiful place. Its romanthic atmosphere, little streets and old houses. I think I will come back again next year. \nCongratulations for this video.', "I am going to ride the Castle Route and the Romantic Route this year on my Ducati. Strange to think that at the outbreak of WW1 the 'Country' of Germany had only been established for 44 years. Nature creates the territory but Mankind defines the borders. Sadly however, it is the borders which we kill each other over.", 'Just passed the region, watching the magnificent view from my train from Frankfurt to Köln, I wished I knew it earlier would stopped by.\n\nGreat view yet less publicized to the world. Another gems of Germany', 'Very nostalgic watching this video. My wife and I lived in Germany for a year early seventies. Burg Eltz was one of our favorites. The day we were there, the German air force had decided to do to practice strafing runs up the hill toward the castle. Quite a memory of the mix of cultures and times.', "I'll probably never get the opportunity, but if given the chance to visit one place on earth, Southern Germany would be the place.", 'So basically I have to move to Germany now', 'Dear Germany...please preserve these treasures..one day I hope to see them. :)', 'The Kaiser didn’t unify Germany it was all Bismarck’s reforms. Actually Bismarck had to threaten suicide many times to get the Kaiser to follow his unification plans. Great video though!', 'Dear Germany, Stay beautiful and blessed forever....\nLots of love and good wishes from India :)', 'top producing country India or Germany?', "Hallo Germany! Wait for me! I'm going to explore your beauty one of these days. 😍", 'Germany wonderful place of dreams', 'I can safely say a beautiful clean country is Germany , I drive through Germany in my supercharged 63 and it was epic', 'why is there never an english documentary about north germany (or better the north half of germany)?', 'Thank you for this beautiful video. \nI am so in love with my home country. Berlin (where I live) is not as beautiful though.\n\nI was working on a video including a bit of history, especially the histoy of democracy in Germany. When I had a break, I watched this video of yours. And in one sentence, you mentioned that the feudal system was installed after the Roman empire had fallen. \nUp to that moment I had thought that the development of democracy had begun more or less with the education which started to allow free thinking, then the French Revolution was another milestone - but after I heard you mention the Roman empire, I wondered, what was before? \nAnd I found out that our ancestors had lived in a democratic system already. \nThanks a lot for that hint.', 'Give attention to the fact that there is more than one town in Germany named Rothenburg. This beautiful medival town is "Rothenburg ob der Tauber"/ "Rothenburg o. d. T.". Just in case....', 'I am trying to surprise my friend...we have only just the day in a city in Germany.\nDriving from Amsterdam and would like to see whatever is the most romantic places off the beaten path that wouldnt be more than 3 hour drive  from Amsterdam.', 'Seeing such a vibrant economy with exports and imports makes me envious as an american, when we helped germany rebuld to even get to that point...:( why even try at grammer anymore?', "Mr . Rick thank you very much for your video. on July is my summer vacation I'm coming to Munich of course I like to visit the Germans villages  it's my first time to Germany", 'My wife and i would like to spend a few days in Germany. We would like to see beautiful scenery and old romantic villages. Which would you recommend, the Heidelberg, or Cochem Mosel area, Rothenburg, or something else?', 'iconic castle in germany', "@RickStevesEurope to get my internal satisfaction of unlimited travel,different food and people of around the world, their life style and history of them, suddenly i found Rick Steve yesterday and since then i am watching his episodes to travel to world and experiencing different cultures and people's behavior. even while working i am finding exploring some new country or city from his web page. becoming a fan of his work. God Bless you. really good work.", 'it was more bismarck  who unified germany . also the common people tried to make a democratic unification in 1848', 'thanks Rick Steves to share this. thanks to knowing us about Germany in 26 mins.', 'Thanks for making this video. ..remind me mine trip in Germany. ..we drive along River Rhine. ...is beautiful time for me ...looking forward to visit agine', "Thank you! I was just about writing a comment to your Neuschwanstein-video and ask if you've visited Burg Eltz (my second favourite castle after Neuschwanstein) but I found this video immediately. Thanks a lot, you've inspired me a lot to make my dream trip around in Germany and look at all those medieval small villages, valleys, mountains and big old castles. :)", '12:15\n"The Modern Unification of Germany"\n"He did it"\n"The Thomas Jefferson of Modern Germany"\n"AMEN"\nMakes me smile every time!', 'This is the most interesting part of Germany. The north and the east are not very touristy.', 'A GREAT video about my home country! Thank you very much!\n\nBut please allow me to suggest one thing: Ask a native German speaker to explain you how to pronounce the German city names "German". I know, for example "Bacherach" will be difficult for you to pronounce, but the way you did is pain to German ears.\xa0\n\nI\'m waiting for your next videos about Germany!']

CLUSTER 1 (processed 74 comments):
['germany austria great country day time', 'beautiful country bad germany', 'm filipina germany go rhine river everytime visit hause cochem ilove castle burgeltz koblenz wartburg berlin live koln near dom church germany good miss m bck phil', 'germany mosel rind river main river mosel river great holiday spend area castle visit lot history rottenburgh great medieval centre decoration christmas see centre original gift dress tree great medieval germany ann deakin4th feb thank history river tour rick', 'dear germany preserve treasure day hope', 'ashamed american come world beautiful germany german people sooo proud beautiful country extremely beautiful love', 'company work australia offer job germany accept stay month apartment back rhine weekend explore little town rhine mosel look happy day life miss germany promote underrate chance visit disappoint', 'immensely beautiful queen germany river rhine special love germany india', "germany ' heart europe ' france uk", 'immensely beautiful queen germany river rhine special love germany india', 'dear germany beautiful amazing peaceful stay mesmerize forever', 'germany cauntry island europe wanderful watchimg video like', 'live germany 2016 wish leave tour rhine rothenberg empathize love germany', 'have grand dad capture war war germany treat horrible mixed feeling germany buitiful country', 'country visit europe germany austria', 'mosel riesle good wine germany', 'visit unfortunately miss important monument germany niederwalddenkmal mile away build honor founding german empire war view rhine fantastic monument huge gigantic worth see twice bad miss greeting', 'know germany castle', 'rick thank god bless amazing germany romantic rhine rothenburg germany stay bless beautiful ton love good wish india', 'good time germany', 'burg eltz absolutely favourite castle germany maybe world', 'love germany good beer good food nice people', 'unlimited eurail pass take week stuggart köln plan day half stop place look interesting interesting america world melting pot thing differently spanish waiter serve french wine italian restaurant boppard germany', 'amazing jesus bride german nt seenrhine rhthenburge germany year visit tourist thank india', 'rhine beautiful forget germany cause pain death starting war cause problem elect merkle leader trust ancestor jewish germany shall forget visit forsaken country', 'germany favorite place visit europe france especially paris hugely overrate american hollywood movie germany little fairytale village cobblestone fachwerkhäuser utterly charming walkable shoppable', 'germany impressive castle world tall hill usually stuff medieval fantasy', 'get germany army 1986 photo', 'germany size montana twice population california canadian rick wonder people crazy idea american think country center world ll', 'grandma grandpa bear germany grandpa danny grandma nanny bear germany saw grow wwi war cold war grandpa cuckoo clock danny cuckoo clock', 'year old feed oh castle wine german town make toy brother marry woman germany german alamo okay ill watch post watch awesome thank', 'company work australia offer job germany accept stay month apartment back rhine weekend explore little town rhine mosel look happy day life miss germany promote underrate chance visit disappoint', 'live rothenburg greeting germany', 'wow awesome place europe germany great place', 'visit germany thousand time', 'great germany', 'amazing germany hello oman', 'oh germany beautiful', 'riga latvia decorate christmas tree germany', 'germany france beautiful diverse country europe come have different region diverse landscape culture nice video', 'video beautifull castle germany', 'bismark united germany', 'want germany america young country want walk history blah', 'immensely beautiful queen germany river rhine special love germany india', 'beautiful video thank germany cute romantic', 'year go rothenburg ober tauber germany beautiful place romanthic atmosphere little street old house think come year congratulation video', "go ride castle route romantic route year ducati strange think outbreak ww1 ' country ' germany establish year nature create territory mankind define border sadly border kill", 'pass region watch magnificent view train frankfurt köln wish know early stop great view publicize world gem germany', 'nostalgic watch video wife live germany year early seventy burg eltz favorite day german air force decide practice strafing run hill castle memory mix culture time', 'probably opportunity give chance visit place earth southern germany place', 'basically germany', 'dear germany preserve treasure day hope', 'kaiser unify germany bismarck reform bismarck threaten suicide time kaiser follow unification plan great video', 'dear germany stay beautiful bless forever lot love good wish india', 'produce country india germany', 'hallo germany wait go explore beauty day', 'germany wonderful place dream', 'safely beautiful clean country germany drive germany supercharge epic', 'english documentary north germany well north half germany', 'thank beautiful video love home country berlin live beautiful work video include bit history especially histoy democracy germany break watch video sentence mention feudal system instal roman empire fall moment think development democracy begin education start allow free thinking french revolution milestone hear mention roman empire wonder find ancestor live democratic system thank lot hint', 'attention fact town germany name rothenburg beautiful medival town rothenburg ob der tauber rothenburg o d t case', 'try surprise friend day city germany drive amsterdam like romantic place beat path nt hour drive amsterdam', 'see vibrant economy export import make envious american help germany rebuld point try grammer anymore', 'rick thank video july summer vacation come munich course like visit german village time germany', 'wife like spend day germany like beautiful scenery old romantic village recommend heidelberg cochem mosel area rothenburg', 'iconic castle germany', 'internal satisfaction unlimited travel different food people world life style history suddenly find rick steve yesterday watch episode travel world experience different culture people behavior work find explore new country city web page fan work god bless good work', 'bismarck unify germany common people try democratic unification', 'thank rick steve share thank know germany min', 'thank make video remind trip germany drive river rhine beautiful time look forward visit agine', 'thank write comment neuschwanstein video ask visit burg eltz second favourite castle neuschwanstein find video immediately thank lot inspire lot dream trip germany look medieval small village valley mountain big old castle', '15 modern unification germany thoma jefferson modern germany amen make smile time', 'interesting germany north east touristy', 'great video home country thank allow suggest thing ask native german speaker explain pronounce german city name german know example bacherach difficult pronounce way pain german ear wait video germany']


CLUSTER 2 (original 252 comments):
['We took the Viking River Cruise on the Rhine from Amsterdam to Budapest.  I highly recommend this cruise. Rothenburg was a side trip which added to this wonderful trip.', 'Very nice country, would be much nicer if germans were friendly.', 'Nice to watch German', "I like all your videos! It's entertaining, informative. I enjoy watching...", "It's wow seeing Castle the historical of there Country", 'my son was born there', 'I live in Thailand. I would like to go there once in my life maybe visit for one month so who can be my host...lol', 'Often wanted to go on a river cruise', 'i like this vidio so meny thanks for you', "I can't like this video enough!", 'I want know Geramany is wonderfull there is much history is beautiful.', 'We have been there, a truly blessed, and beautiful place.  ......do not hurry, the German people are most helpful.....this is only one of many...".enjoy.....  \nventure on down south', 'The flat lunge recurrently bless because handball cephalometrically amuse concerning a cheap specialist. flimsy, craven heat', 'Nice.  “ Lella Zainab  on Facebook and instagram. A beautiful Guesthouse in Hammamat, Tunisia 🇹🇳. Please see it and  post  a comment.  Thanks friends 👭', 'Beautiful. Is this the Palatinate region?', 'I was lucky enough to visit this place to my boyfriend 😍', 'I am German and very proud of my beautiful country', "Lol the alamo isn't even american. Yes, mexican army defeating a small amount of the texas army is a rallying cry for americans😂😂😂", 'The "legendary" Lorelei was invented in 1801 by  Clemens Brentano. It is *not* based on any old myths or legends. This is nonsense invented for tourists.', 'Please kindly help me for food', 'Nice place, nice views, great information. Awesome video.', 'I considered myself blessed after watching this awesome video of yours... These historical buildings and castles are astoundingly rare and remain pleasing to the eyes of every tourist... Thanks and God bless.. 🙏 💚💙', 'Very impressive nd unmatched presentation exploring hidden facts..indeed   gorgeous..', 'Appreciate your posts,but please lower music background. You don’t need it for affect.', 'Wow nice beautiful country, my German fiancee born in berlin, I want to visit there someday.', 'This is great channel to explore the world.', 'the source of the Rhine river is in Switzerland, not France!!', "German's country  got much on beautiful  pretty awesome that csuld be pretty coll  aslong you're in luck", 'Have visited  Rhineland 30 years ago. So astoundingly beautiful! Thank you Lord for the privilege!', 'Anyone here because of German class?', 'Doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too.', 'Enjoyed the tour!', "The music is an annoyance very nearly overwhelming Steve's voice.", 'Thank you so much for these videos they really brighten my day', 'Fantastic and lovely presentation Friend obrigado friend \nThanks for excellent video friend', '@2:02. luv it! Deo Gratias, Latin for Thanks be to God.', 'In 2011 I rode a bicycle from Beijing to Amsterdam, riding along the Main and between Bingen and Boppard. I try to plan my bicycle trips with the UNESCO Heritage Site map as a guide.  I was fascinated by all of the medieval tons and castles.', 'My one of the most favourite country German ❤️👍👍', 'It sits atop the hill like a dead pittbull????', 'Wow.. history talks a lot', 'How dare you, Poland is the heart of Europe ;)', "Am I the only one who can't afford going to such a beautiful place😭", "The restaurant in the small town along the Mosel mentioned in this Rick Steve's clip (Beilstein) had extremely good cuisine. Ate dinner there twice last year. In fact, in the close up of the people drinking wine, the male figure is the owner of the establishment.", "23:40 Erm, no. Beheading was a punishment for the upper class in the middelages, whereas normal people were hanged. On the other hand: yes, murder was punished by breaking on the wheel. But murder was a different thing in the medieval times and further on. There was a more magical understanding. If the killer covered the corpse, it was murder, even if death wasn't even intended. A common criminal law didn't exist in medieval times. Only in the 16th century in the Renaissance there was a more modern (but yet cruel from today's view) understanding with beheading also for common people, when the CCC (Constitutio Criminalis Carolina) was established.", 'I liked the Crime and Punishment museum', 'When I went to school I lived in this area and we made one —day —trips with the teacher , walking and partly \nby bus,, from castle to church , and we are told the history of these  buildings.', "well done. I feel I don't have to visit the city anymore with this much content. :)", 'How everything is cleaned amezing 🙏❤️👍', "Rothenburg reminds me a bit of Castle Town in Majora's Mask!", 'Really beautiful', "Wow, I'm thrilled to see my home region from 18 years ago. I was 7 when this was produced in 2002, now I'm 25. So much has changed, but it still looks familiar and feels the same.", "It's called la Moselle in France.", 'Very beautiful', 'I understand the American perspective, but I do not agree, (is the German aware of history of the Americans and the Alamo?) the German corner is not like the Alamo because the Germans where the native tribe, defending their territory. In the Alamo the Americans where not the natives but the invaders. Big, very big difference. American life is 180 of the "German - All men" life-view. Not better than Us/ Not better than others. This versus American Exceptionalism does not butter well with me.', 'Hi Mr Rick Steve I am here still watching 2020', "Had been one those funny Vikings own this . Tribe fled God's punishment", 'Has Rick ever made a video without using the word "evocative"?', 'Your programs are marvelous and so informative.  Many, many thanks to you for providing them to us.', 'I just want to say thank you for making all the videos on this channel ad-free!', 'The only way I get to travel is to pay my phone bill haha thanks Rick', "You know God exist man, but don't play with me man!", 'What a beautiful show.', 'Such a beautiful country , greetings from another beautiful one called Nepal , wish to visit one day', 'I become knowledgeble watching ur vlog.thank you.', 'Very very Beautiful thanks my Dear', 'Rick is so smart he is a nice person God bless him and his family I will keep him in my prayers', 'Funny, the castle on the picture is not even on the Rhine - it’s on the Moselle river.', 'I really admire the german waterways, those beautiful rivers, it seems so clean! The Rhine Region with those castles in the background looks like a dream! Congrats germans. You really take care of your environment.\nGreetings from Brazil.', "I made the mistake of traveling to Rothenburg instead of Rothenburg ob der Tauber.  They're separated by hours.  I eventually made it to Rothenburg ob der Tauber on a different trip, so beautiful.", 'Now i know where my next vacation is going to be thanks RicK', 'i bought one of those electric swiss army knives. worked ofr a guy it was in his hsop. when he closed down wqas offered to me. 18:14', 'I want eat hamburger', "One of my top ten choices of Rick Steve's programmes", 'You are the best at this, you moderate with such class and dexterity 👍😎', "It's May 2020, so glad to escape with you Rick! Let's go see some castles! Aaaaahhhh", 'I want to go to there.', 'what amazes you how did they build all these castles,their is no even roads to the hills they build the castles upon it ,SAMEH.', "It's beautiful place to visit. everyone should wants to visit this place.", "Nonsense, these Castles predate the ridiculous story of  Princes's building all these Castles along the Rhine in relatively the same time. When examining these Castles, one can see they were constructed a very long time ago.", 'one more to the bucket list!', '5:27 Out of all the landmarks along the Rhine, I want to see that one the most!!', 'I have been lucky enough to have visited almost every place covered in this video! Most of my children also! Dads hometown was The Perl of the  Pfalz ,Neustadt an der Weinstrasse', 'The view of the vineyard on steep slopes reminds me of my German  father saying harvesters had to have one leg shorter than the other!😂', 'I really enjoyed this video, very informative. I will definitely be visiting.', 'One of my favourite episodes of his.  I definitely will put The Rhine and Rothenburg on my bucket list.', 'City 👌 channel👌👍👏👏', 'Ignore this comment as this is a personal msg \n\nFor the woman \nOk i will try to spare you', 'Thank you Rick from UAE!', 'makes me want to travel...', '15:15 I see what you did there Rick', 'Interesting tour. Good insights of locations and experiences.', 'We can thank St Boniface for teaching the pagans to worship Christ Our Lord, the true tree of life.', 'Thank you so much Rick for this awesomely beautiful video...', 'A 25 minute video and you show less than a minute of the interior of the castle.', 'German land arguably has the best geography in the wider world. Environment creates people, hence German spirit. Lucky people 👋🇷🇸', '◦仌..thank you◦仌', 'Learning German, going to travel there eventually, going to see what my ancestors saw.', 'A few kilometers further north and you´d reach the seven mountains and at least 3 more castles on that route', 'Thanks', 'My mom’s family are s direct descendant of King Ludwig!', 'Please shoot videos in HD quality', 'This guy at "deutsche Eck" was inflating the meaning of the momument alot! It might be significant for locals and historians but definitely not for all folks', 'Took an en expected rail trip through the Rhine valley as a college kid. I was stunned by the beauty and chatted with some elderly Germans. Best trip of my life.', 'Wow beautiful', 'Funny to see Rothenburg when you are living there', 'Thanks for upload, i was there and it was beautiful, and German silver-never are the best around', 'I’ve been to the rhine in COD ww2', "I'm from Rothenburg and its really nice to see what other people think about our town :)Thank you for making this!", '1:38 Dr. Disrespects dad in the background', '@20.06 this view resembles one map from cs anyone?', '„He drank the three liters of wine and slept for three days. The town was saved.“ \nSounds like a typical weekend in Rheinland-Pfalz.', 'Driving along the Rhine tomorrow. Will visit Koblenz and Trier 🙋\u200d♂️', "I Have Seen Total Europe It's  All Beautiful & Peaceful Places", 'Best country to visit in Europe. ❤️', 'I make a Bow of reverence before the countries that preserve history. History is everything. Thanks for this wonderful trip into the past. Congratulations!', 'I’ve seen the Eltz castle before you have to see it!', 'Ohh dear, that annoying loud piano in the background!', 'The same night watchman was there when I went to Rothenburg in 2014! Really entertaining guy, definitely a highlight of the town.', "Why can't American Cities look like these? We only build places to make cars happy. These little villages look cramp and narrow but I think that's what gives it it's charm. In America we have  Code books a mile thick. You got to have this you got to have that so the poor Investors probably just say F***k it.", 'How did boats travel upstream back in the day?', "13:05 Man, the view with the tower/ castle on top of the hill overlooking other houses reminds me of Edward Scissorhands' castle", 'Very beautiful there...', 'To be honest, i live only 10km awaz from the lorelei or about 30 km from koblenz, i never realised that i should have a look around here :)', 'The townspeople should consider doing what they did in Virginia with Jamestown. And re enact all the goings on in the castle.  Pharmacy herb garden blacksmiths butcheries candle shops brewery etc', "Geez! It's like a storybook fairytale on steroids. Why am I here in the US?", 'Absolutely i like garman anything', 'Wow! Bella Germania! :)', 'It refreshes my memory back some 43 years ago when I was there crucing the Rhine river', "Rick Steves yet young in this series I'm your fan from Japan ( Lily)", 'i saw burg eltz on rick’s recommendation and it was really stunning. the rhine is really quiet, almost too quiet for someone my age, but it’s still extremely relaxing and refreshing.', 'when You visit australia and new zealnad', 'We were the in July 2018. This medieval village was amazing. We walked the wall. Took the tour with The Night Watchman. Stayed in a nice hotel. I can’t say enough about the village', "Can't wait to go here next summer", "Probably was an interesting video, but couldn't hear the narrator with the ridiculously loud background music", 'Median age of the tourists in this region:  150 years old.', 'All Thanks to the Moors and their Creators of the Most Highs .', 'It is magical.  So beautiful. Everything is clean, green, and beautifully built, and so rich in history. I hope that the new generations preserve their culture and tradition.', 'Gorgeous and historic.', 'Thanks so much again for yours beautiful, nice and excellent videos', "I've\xa0 BEEN\xa0 THERE\xa0AND I WHAT WAS amazing!! MEMORIES!!", 'Is that the night watchman or Christopher Walken?', "Lovely countryside and beautiful mountains,\xa0castles on the hills and the people are nice\nOne of the strongest and most powerful nations in the whole world, 70 years ago, it was one of the poorest countries after the war and now it's just great to see how it changed.\nKeep it up!", 'Keep out the liberals they will want to remove the statutes.', 'Lame i wanted to see you go into castles', 'I want to learn german plz if any 1 help me +919001412376 whatapps me or add me on Facebook kanhaiya katkar', 'What happened to the Reformation?', 'one of the most beautiful places in the world. nice video.', 'I remember as a child when my brothers started a fight in the historic streets of Rothenburg and they were suddenly surrounded by a crowd of Asian tourists taking pictures.', "He didn't like the wine", "Are these people Germans?  Nazis? They shall become democrats like Trump. Let's think about regime change. They don't need all these castels.", 'did you meet any Jewish people?', 'You have to be very ignorant in history to be proud of ALAMO, a symbol of shame and infamy of Mexican citizens (Texan settlers) whom promised when they crossed the border and become citizens of Mexico with the promise of respecting Mexican laws, becoming Catholicism and leaving being slaves something that was NEVER fulfilled, rebelled against the authority seeking its own independence and betrayed their promise, the site of ALAMO and its destruction by the Mexican army is more than justified,  Great historical error think Texans and US in general are proud of their deception, their betrayal or its disloyalty to a nation that gave them land and support for their development, TRAITORS, WITHOUT HONOR and PHILIBUSTERS that’s what ÁLAMO represent', 'LOL! Back then Rotterdam was the biggest port in the world? Nowadays the top 10 are almost entirely Chinese with only Singapur and Rotterdam inbetween.', 'That was a beautiful tour, i will think of that tour when i get to Switzerland , \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0and i was on Rhine River Tour out of Frankfurt and enjoy it.', 'Beautiful Rhine. It is very attractive me. I want to this itinerary in the near future, Generally how many days do we need? Thanks.', 'Rothenberg is best place to explore it.', 'Amazing experience. Really enjoying u r videos. Thank u so much..', 'Beautiful... thank you for sharing this awesome tour.', 'RS seriously needs to get a consultant on how to pronounce the proper names instead of the bastardized American way he thinks it should be said.', 'I tried Riesling and Gewurztraminer. Long time ago when working in very good places! Very good!', 'It seems folks from this region have the habit of starting to talk before others finish their talking.', "that's so picturesque, romantic indeed & very historical...like places that i've just seen in encyclopedia back in the days.😃", 'its very nice place to visit and now i know where night watch idea in got came from', '7:14 "Even" a brewery?  Ist was the most important thing in this time! How could they survived without it? ;)', 'Where is the famous Rothenburg Door?', 'Steve this is brilliant, but you need to go back and do the old low res vids again in 1080 or higher!  Your videos are excellent!', 'nice Balochistan', 'Amazing places.i adore places.THANKS', 'its on nice pic', 'Visit also the river mosel with roman capital Augusta Treverorum (TRIER)!', 'German was a clean country, greet from Indonesia', 'watching in honor of my mom  oh my bout to cry its so beautiful', 'U pan to rapidly Mr. Steves', 'This region is soooooooo beautiful❤️ Wonderful video Rick, thanks👍', 'None of us here like this guy. You see more of him than the surrounding scenery. His ego seem to want to dominate the video.', 'The voice of the\xa0guide at 24:30 reminds me of Christopher Walken.', 'My  The best German friend lives there. I am waiting for her invitation', 'Its so wonderful place.Hope I will visit some day', 'Princess Rain Rhine rIVER', 'Because of this video, I change my next spring trip, and will include 2 days in Treis-Karden to see Burg Eltz.\xa0 I will loose a day in Amsterdam and one in Bacharach (oh well).', 'why  not go to Rheinfels castle?', 'great country,but the cars vw&audi suck.', 'billy smith', 'Well —researched episode and a well—developed storyline....Very interesting..An enigmatic historian, reporter and story—teller...THANKS A LOT...', 'Buty full nice', 'such a beautiful place', 'My understanding is that most of the town was not destroyed in WW2. The story is that an American general entered the town and gave them the opportunity to surrender without further destruction, they accepted.', 'I stayed in Oberwesel and the server at the outdoor bistro pointed to the point on the hill where our wine had come from. What a great experience!', 'Wow....!!!  Beautiful ❤❤❤❤❤❤', "remember the Alamo was the wrong rallying cry!   it didn't unite the country, only Texas, hell not many outside of Texas even knows what the Alamo was.", 'I found it is good to know the best restaurants and shops are.', 'Riesling wine from Mosel is so so so delicious!', "when he says it's like the Alamo, i disagree. it's like the Liberty Bell. my conclusion has nothing to do with the fact that i am from/live in Philadelphia...", "I'm glad you are on youtube Rick but I wish you would get 1080p!", "I live in Bingen, but I find it rather hideous, since the city was almost destroyed and later rebuilt after WW2. Some buildings are beautiful, but most of them are ugly af. And also, the politicians could try to make it more attractive to tourists, but somehow, they don't do anything, which is really sad. Bingen is not far from Bacharach....", "may I know the classic background sound on you chanel? it's so beautiful...", 'Been on this Rhine curse and seen Rothenburg o d T. Worth the tour. Truely beautiful !', 'what is the name of the music starting 20:44 ?', "Is this on TV or a webseries? It's really well produced.", "it's really nice", 'very beautiful', 'No doubt, Burg Eltz deserves more attention than the more spectacular but rather phoney Schloss Neuschschwanstein.\n\nWhat preserved it was, I think mainly his rather remote and - I would say - unstrategic location. In 1689,, however, during the War of Palatine Succession, the French would have destroyed it like nearly all other castles in the region, if not the lord of the castele had happened to be be a senior officer in the French army amnd could convince hids comrades to make an exception.', 'Very very very Beautiful place', 'Thank you very much for this video and your job.', 'where is hitlers summer home ?', 'Can I be held captive there forever?', 'haha. just noticed the blokes at the table had the Carcassonne game!', 'What songs are these in this video? Could someone tell me', 'How old is the map we can see at 1:19?', 'great video full of information', 'Great!Ofvcoursecwe would like to know the specifics.We are vattending K show in October 20916 and would like to use this trip to take thgis tour as well.', 'Yes.   ... You Can do that !', 'all i can say is... WOW!!!!', 'Come to  Transilvania, Romania you will not  regret, we also have some  worth visiting castles  over here', 'Thank you Rick! I am planning a trip to Rhine. Your video is very informative!', 'oooommmmgggg......thats was sooooo beautiful countryy..someday if i rich i will..n iwlll be visit germanyy', "Rick? How come the people on the boat around you aren't peeking at the camera? Americans would be making faces or looking, or making hand gestures, etc...", 'Great stuff Rick!', "I've been on the Rhine River Cruise In 1991..It was gorgeous!", 'Nice tour .. thanks', '1080 please?', "Rick, thanks for the beautiful  tour of my home region.\nthough i must say that i was i little disappointed that you didn't elaborate more on Koblenz, Fort Ehrenbreitstein and the gorgeous castle of Stolzenfels.", "Than you Steven , It's   nice .", 'I have enjoyed watching your travels for some years now. Thank you so much!', "Why do we in the USA tear down the beautiful historical buildings and lose our charm?? They tore down a nice large library built in the 1960s to build a new one. I asked what was wrong with the present building. They said water problems or something like that. Not leaks. I said, what about the beautiful, huge buildings in Europe that they keep maintaining. They said I don't know.", 'I want to go overthere, maybe I have enough the money', 'Did the ride down the Rhine a long time ago ... nice to revisit the sights now .... that is what is so nice about computers and YouTube ....', 'wow, thats my home town in the beginning of the video <3', 'Mr.Rick Steves,Simply beautiful. Danke , Gluckauf.\nde Minas Gerais,BRAZIL.', 'we visited this amamzing place,\nMarly Furii', 'I have been at Koblenz... many castles surrounding the area..', 'Beatiful !!!!! Thanks for sharing .', "Lovely Docu! Just the incorrect pronuciation of for example citys like ''Bakarak'' and ''Cokem'' make my ears bleed.^^", 'Hi Rick, I have one week vacation and i am so excited to go to Switzerland but I have some concerns about the weather in November and about the scenery views.', 'I remember going to rhein cruise  snd Eric the Red entertain ed us..', 'Stayed in Rothenburg in June 1974 with my parents. Met my penpal Angelika Glogowski-Klemenz. Lost contact with her. Hope to find her again. Such a beautiful town I will never forgewt.', 'how is there like no subscribers to this channel ? this is some very informative material i look forward to much more thank you !', 'Going there this summer, see you then Vater Rhein!', 'What is the name of the castle where you could stay overnight? I could not find it. Thanks.', 'Lovely video! Work on your pronunciation tho!', 'Rick, you are just the hoot;-))) \xa0 Never miss your shows:-)', 'waoooh its very beautiful place i want visit there someone can help me ehhehehehheheh', 'Amazing to learn about my homeland! Thanks Rick!', 'A very romantic strasse, thank you!!', "I think the great wood carvings have woodworm. They're full of holes.", 'great video with juicy informations...', 'lol this is the german alamo? i think we can do better than that guys...cmon try again!', "I have to admit that being a German I didn't know how beautiful the Rhine region is until watching this nice video.", "The Rhine/Mosel region is one of the most beautiful, magical places on this planet. I can't believe he even featured Burg Eltz—it's off the beaten track and a lot of Germans don't even know about it!", '20:31 wool fart\nyes he said it.\xa0', 'I have his book!', 'After 2:30, he says "No wonder merchants were early supporters of larger nation-states." So, you must ask yourself "Who is pushing for world government, and why?"\n\nWell, this video gives you the answer: International merchants (bankers, industrialists, etc.) are the ones pushing for world government. The reason is so they can get richer. They are promoting world-socialism, which is actually monopoly-capitalism.\xa0']

CLUSTER 2 (processed 252 comments):
['take vike river cruise rhine amsterdam budapest highly recommend cruise rothenburg trip add wonderful trip', 'nice country nice german friendly', 'nice watch german', 'like video entertaining informative enjoy watch', 'wow see castle historical country', 'son bear', 'live thailand like life maybe visit month host', 'want river cruise', 'like vidio meny thank', 'like video', 'want know geramany wonderfull history beautiful', 'truly blessed beautiful place hurry german people helpful enjoy venture south', 'flat lunge recurrently bless handball cephalometrically amuse concern cheap specialist flimsy craven heat', 'nice lella zainab facebook instagram beautiful guesthouse hammamat tunisia post comment thank friend', 'beautiful palatinate region', 'lucky visit place boyfriend', 'german proud beautiful country', 'alamo american yes mexican army defeat small texas army rally cry american', 'legendary lorelei invent clemen brentano base old myth legend nonsense invent tourist', 'kindly help food', 'nice place nice view great information awesome video', 'consider bless watch awesome video historical building castle astoundingly rare remain pleasing eye tourist thank god bless', 'impressive nd unmatched presentation explore hidden fact gorgeous', 'appreciate post low music background need affect', 'wow nice beautiful country german fiancee bear berlin want visit someday', 'great channel explore world', 'source rhine river switzerland france', 'german country get beautiful pretty awesome csuld pretty coll aslong luck', 'visit rhineland year ago astoundingly beautiful thank lord privilege', 'german class', 'doctor lawyer difference lawyer merely rob doctor rob kill', 'enjoy tour', 'music annoyance nearly overwhelming steve voice', 'thank video brighten day', 'fantastic lovely presentation friend obrigado friend thank excellent video friend', 'luv deo gratia latin thank god', 'ride bicycle beijing amsterdam ride main bingen boppard try plan bicycle trip unesco heritage site map guide fascinate medieval ton castle', 'favourite country german', 'sit atop hill like dead pittbull', 'wow history talk lot', 'dare poland heart europe', 'afford go beautiful place', 'restaurant small town mosel mention rick steve clip beilstein extremely good cuisine eat dinner twice year fact close people drink wine male figure owner establishment', '40 erm beheading punishment upper class middelage normal people hang hand yes murder punish break wheel murder different thing medieval time magical understanding killer cover corpse murder death intend common criminal law exist medieval time th century renaissance modern cruel today view understand behead common people ccc constitutio criminali carolina establish', 'like crime punishment museum', 'go school live area — day — trip teacher walk partly bus castle church tell history building', 'feel visit city anymore content', 'clean ameze', 'rothenburg remind bit castle town majora mask', 'beautiful', 'wow thrilled home region year ago produce change look familiar feel', 'call la moselle france', 'beautiful', 'understand american perspective agree german aware history american alamo german corner like alamo german native tribe defend territory alamo american native invader big big difference american life german man life view well well versus american exceptionalism butter', 'hi rick steve watch', 'funny viking tribe flee god punishment', 'rick video word evocative', 'program marvelous informative thank provide', 'want thank make video channel ad free', 'way travel pay phone bill thanks rick', 'know god exist man play man', 'beautiful', 'beautiful country greeting beautiful call nepal wish visit day', 'knowledgeble watching ur vlog thank', 'beautiful thank dear', 'rick smart nice person god bless family prayer', 'funny castle picture rhine moselle river', 'admire german waterway beautiful river clean rhine region castle background look like dream congrat german care environment greeting brazil', 'mistake travel rothenburg instead rothenburg ob der tauber separate hour eventually rothenburg ob der tauber different trip beautiful', 'know vacation go thank rick', 'buy electric swiss army knife work ofr guy hsop close wqas offer 14', 'want eat hamburger', 'choice rick steve programme', 'good moderate class dexterity', 'glad escape rick let castle aaaaahhhh', 'want', 'amaze build castle road hill build castle sameh', 'beautiful place visit want visit place', 'nonsense castle predate ridiculous story prince build castle rhine relatively time examine castle construct long time ago', 'bucket list', '27 landmark rhine want', 'lucky visit place cover video child dad hometown perl pfalz neustadt der weinstrasse', 'view vineyard steep slope remind german father say harvester leg short', 'enjoy video informative definitely visit', 'favourite episode definitely rhine rothenburg bucket list', 'city channel', 'ignore comment personal msg woman ok try spare', 'thank rick uae', 'make want travel', '15 rick', 'interesting tour good insight location experience', 'thank st boniface teach pagan worship christ lord true tree life', 'thank rick awesomely beautiful video', 'minute video minute interior castle', 'german land arguably good geography wide world environment create people german spirit lucky people', '◦ 仌 thank ◦ 仌', 'learn german go travel eventually go ancestor see', 'kilometer north you´d reach seven mountain castle route', 'thank', 'mom family s direct descendant king ludwig', 'shoot video hd quality', 'guy deutsche eck inflate meaning momument alot significant local historian definitely folk', 'take en expect rail trip rhine valley college kid stun beauty chat elderly german good trip life', 'wow beautiful', 'funny rothenburg live', 'thank upload beautiful german silver good', 'rhine cod ww2', 'rothenburg nice people think town thank make', '38 dr disrespect dad background', 'view resemble map cs', '„ drink liter wine sleep day town save sound like typical weekend rheinland pfalz', 'drive rhine tomorrow visit koblenz trier', 'see total europe beautiful peaceful place', 'good country visit europe', 'bow reverence country preserve history history thank wonderful trip past congratulation', 'see eltz castle', 'ohh dear annoying loud piano background', 'night watchman go rothenburg entertaining guy definitely highlight town', 'american city look like build place car happy little village look cramp narrow think give charm america code book mile thick get get poor investor probably fk', 'boat travel upstream day', "05 man view tower castle hill overlook house remind edward scissorhand ' castle", 'beautiful', 'honest live km awaz lorelei km koblenz realise look', 'townspeople consider virginia jamestown enact going castle pharmacy herb garden blacksmith butchery candle shop brewery etc', 'geez like storybook fairytale steroid', 'absolutely like garman', 'wow bella germania', 'refresh memory year ago cruce rhine river', 'rick steve young series fan japan lily', 'see burg eltz rick recommendation stun rhine quiet quiet age extremely relaxing refreshing', 'visit australia new zealnad', 'july medieval village amazing walk wall take tour night watchman stay nice hotel village', 'wait summer', 'probably interesting video hear narrator ridiculously loud background music', 'median age tourist region year old', 'thank moor creator high', 'magical beautiful clean green beautifully build rich history hope new generation preserve culture tradition', 'gorgeous historic', 'thank beautiful nice excellent video', 'amazing memory', 'night watchman christopher walken', 'lovely countryside beautiful mountain castle hill people nice strong powerful nation world year ago poor country war great change', 'liberal want remove statute', 'lame want castle', 'want learn german plz help whatapps add facebook kanhaiya katkar', 'happen reformation', 'beautiful place world nice video', 'remember child brother start fight historic street rothenburg suddenly surround crowd asian tourist take picture', 'like wine', 'people german nazi shall democrats like trump let think regime change need castel', 'meet jewish people', 'ignorant history proud alamo symbol shame infamy mexican citizen texan settler promise cross border citizen mexico promise respect mexican law catholicism leave slave fulfil rebel authority seek independence betray promise site alamo destruction mexican army justify great historical error think texan general proud deception betrayal disloyalty nation give land support development traitor honor philibuster álamo represent', 'rotterdam big port world nowadays entirely chinese singapur rotterdam inbetween', 'beautiful tour think tour switzerland rhine river tour frankfurt enjoy', 'beautiful rhine attractive want itinerary near future generally day need thank', 'rothenberg good place explore', 'amazing experience enjoy video thank', 'beautiful thank share awesome tour', 'rs seriously need consultant pronounce proper name instead bastardize american way think say', 'try riesle gewurztraminer long time ago work good place good', 'folk region habit start talk finish talk', 'picturesque romantic historical like place see encyclopedia day', 'nice place visit know night watch idea get come', '14 brewery ist important thing time survive', 'famous rothenburg door', 'steve brilliant need old low re vid high video excellent', 'nice balochistan', 'amazing place adore place thank', 'nice pic', 'visit river mosel roman capital augusta treverorum trier', 'german clean country greet indonesia', 'watch honor mom oh bout cry beautiful', 'pan rapidly steve', 'region soooooooo beautiful wonderful video rick thank', 'like guy surround scenery ego want dominate video', 'voice guide 30 remind christopher walken', 'good german friend live wait invitation', 'wonderful place hope visit day', 'princess rain rhine river', 'video change spring trip include day treis karden burg eltz loose day amsterdam bacharach oh', 'rheinfel castle', 'great country car vw audi suck', 'billy smith', '— research episode — develop storyline interesting enigmatic historian reporter story — teller thank lot', 'buty nice', 'beautiful place', 'understanding town destroy ww2 story american general enter town give opportunity surrender destruction accept', 'stay oberwesel server outdoor bistro point point hill wine come great experience', 'wow beautiful', 'remember alamo wrong rallying cry unite country texas hell outside texas know alamo', 'find good know good restaurant shop', 'riesle wine mosel delicious', 'say like alamo disagree like liberty bell conclusion fact live philadelphia', 'glad youtube rick wish p', 'live bingen find hideous city destroy later rebuild ww2 building beautiful ugly af politician try attractive tourist sad bingen far bacharach', 'know classic background sound chanel beautiful', 'rhine curse see rothenburg o d t worth tour truely beautiful', 'music start 44', 'tv webserie produce', 'nice', 'beautiful', 'doubt burg eltz deserve attention spectacular phoney schloss neuschschwanstein preserve think mainly remote unstrategic location war palatine succession french destroy like nearly castle region lord castele happen senior officer french army amnd convince hid comrade exception', 'beautiful place', 'thank video job', 'hitler summer home', 'hold captive forever', 'notice bloke table carcassonne game', 'song video tell', 'old map 19', 'great video information', 'great ofvcoursecwe like know specific vattende k october like use trip thgis tour', 'yes', 'wow', 'come transilvania romania regret worth visit castle', 'thank rick plan trip rhine video informative', 'oooommmmgggg s sooooo beautiful countryy someday rich n iwlll visit germanyy', 'rick come people boat peek camera american make face look make hand gesture etc', 'great stuff rick', 'rhine river cruise gorgeous', 'nice tour thank', '', 'rick thank beautiful tour home region little disappointed elaborate koblenz fort ehrenbreitstein gorgeous castle stolzenfel', 'steven nice', 'enjoy watch travel year thank', 'usa tear beautiful historical building lose charm tear nice large library build s build new ask wrong present building say water problem like leak say beautiful huge building europe maintain say know', 'want overthere maybe money', 'ride rhine long time ago nice revisit sight nice computer youtube', 'wow s home town beginning video', 'rick steve simply beautiful danke gluckauf de mina gerais brazil', 'visit amamze place marly furii', 'koblenz castle surround area', 'beatiful thank share', "lovely docu incorrect pronuciation example city like '' bakarak '' '' cokem '' ear bleed", 'hi rick week vacation excited switzerland concern weather november scenery view', 'remember go rhein cruise snd eric red entertain e', 'stay rothenburg june parent meet penpal angelika glogowski klemenz lose contact hope find beautiful town forgewt', 'like subscriber channel informative material look forward thank', 'go summer vater rhein', 'castle stay overnight find thank', 'lovely video work pronunciation tho', 'rick hoot miss show', 'waoooh beautiful place want visit help ehhehehehheheh', 'amazing learn homeland thank rick', 'romantic strasse thank', 'think great wood carving woodworm hole', 'great video juicy information', 'german alamo think well guy cmon try', 'admit german know beautiful rhine region watch nice video', 'rhine mosel region beautiful magical place planet believe feature burg eltz — beat track lot german know', '31 wool fart yes say', 'book', '30 say wonder merchant early supporter large nation state ask push world government video give answer international merchant banker industrialist etc one push world government reason rich promote world socialism monopoly capitalism']


CLUSTER 0 (original 48 comments):
['"Germany is the heart of Europe." huh, all this time I\'ve only ever heard "Czech Republic is the heart of Europe."... but it\'s fine, people love to ignore The Czech Republic anyways', "Rick Steve's,\nLove travelling with you vicariously. \nThank yo🏰", 'A great area to stay in a holiday I loved in the 1980s then went on to Austria again great p,aces to see and stay in.', 'I love Germany so much and I love Germans and Other Europeans so much with my whole heart as an American man.', 'The loving mary perinatally train because acoustic functionally steer despite a null llama. gamy, graceful cone', 'I love the beauty of nature ❤️😍\nIam going to Germany', 'I love you Germany see you soon in Gods mercy and Glory', 'Oh, how calm! Alles gute Dutschland. Love from Sri Lanka and USA.', 'Rick made me to love the every part of Europe', 'I love the Pfalz in the River Rhine.', 'Got to spend 6 weeks there one summer . Loved it !', 'I love the PHONY way that night watchman tries to sound American', 'Rick Steve, I go to Bacharach every year for a month or two to pry my trade. Is Herr Junge still alive? I would love to meet him. I saw that you two walked out of the Post Hof, sad the proprietor passed over a year ago and hasnt opened since.', 'Night watchman/Weed dealer ...love it', 'I love to watch Rick steves travel videos on public TV know I can watch anytime on my phone I love it', 'Hi Sir Rick your vlog is so Amazing we watch your  vlog to see europe diff kind of History of country in europe nice vlog', 'Great Work by Rick Steves. Europe is full of Historic work and Greenery. I love Europe.', 'i love this place', 'We lived in Germany for four years..loved it so much...it was like a fairy tale...and gummi bears 🐻 yum...10 for a pfennig', 'Much as I love Rick Steves, there are some real misrepresentations here. He must have lighted on an extremely right wing person to call the Deutsches Eck in Koblenz the essence of Germany - that\'s exactly the place which is commemorated in Nazi songs like "Die Wacht am Rhein" of Casablanca fame, the song that\'s drowned out by Viktor Laszlo starting the Marsellaise', 'If you love my country as much as you say, then please stay correct. The castle in Start is not at the rhine or St Rothenburg located.', 'Have to love Rothenburg!!!', 'Hugs and Heart GERMANY! Love lots from the Philippines', 'I love Germany!  I want to visit and maybe even stay.  I have German, French and English royal blood and always wanted to learn German and French language.  I will practice tai chi there!', 'We lost so much of our herritage in the War, we don\'t want to loose any more of it. Most medieval buildings are protected by the "Denkmalschutz". It is prohibited to change them or their appearance. And repairs have to be done with the original techniques and materials. These places remind us of better times, before the 12 Nazi years that we justly paid with lives, land and the destruction of our identity. So we love and care for them.', 'I just loved Ruthenburg which is close to Ansbacj, and also is part of the "Romantisch Vier".   Since I lived about 30 minutes at the city of Wurzburg in the weekends I used to go there occasionally.   One day tour of this awesome makes no justice because on thing that Mr. Rick Steve forgot to mention is that Ruthenburg can trace its origins to an ancient Roman settlement.', 'I noticed that Rick is giving us a more intinate tour of his face; please Rick, less talk. more scenery. I love you videos.', 'Thank you very much.  You are so professional.  I love all clips you have.', 'I love this show!! Germany is on my bucket list to see where my grandparents grew up.', 'i love THIS Germany,such a beautiful place,the heart of Europe! :-)', 'Love this Video my sister inlaw lives ln Koblenz 🇧🇪🇧🇪i long to go back i was born in Germany it is still my Homeland (Heimatland', 'I love Germany homeland of my dad', "Hi,Rick Steves's Europe you should come Bangladesh.🙂🙂🙂", 'i love his life , i want to travel around Europe like him', "11:00 I went there today! I'm backpacking Europe for two months, and I'm going to places that were on @Rick Steves' Europe show. I've watched it for several years now and was inspired to go see what I can! Thank you @Rick Steves' Europe for being an inspiration to us travellers!", 'Well done indeed Ur presentations in a most comprehensive n interesting ways Steve. I think I have watched countless Ur Rick Steve Europe. Thanks again n now hope Ur resting if that is U desires.', 'I would love to visit Europe one day', 'thanks @Rick I really love your videos..', 'Rick for President 2020. Love Germany', 'I just love Rick Steves channel ... its so beautifull', "I don't know why this video popped up in recommended videos for me ...but I'm sure happy it did.😊 Would really love to learn more about the castles history ...a separate story telling all about each one. From the time it was built to now.Thank you for a great video.🏰🎄", 'Very nice I always wanted to go to Rothenberg but always went past it. I have been driving by the river and along been to koblen thanks alot for sharing this just loved it.', "I  really loved Rothenberg!  It's an Amazing video and a Cruise on the Rhine would be a dream!", "I was in Rüdesheim during August absolutely wonderful place. Marvelous cable car ride to the top giving you these spectacular views over the Rhine and the vineyards. Always the downer for me are the souvenier shops, you pick an item you like and find its made in China. It goes straight back on the shelf, I don't visit any country to buy a souvenier from China unless I am in China. There is nothing like finding the local hand crafts.", 'Beautiful castles and scenery I love it thanks.', 'Absoloutely BEAUTIFUL. I LOVE anything German.', 'absolutely breath taking ...loved my view ....', 'i love germany beautiful place']

CLUSTER 0 (processed 48 comments):
['germany heart europe huh time hear czech republic heart europe fine people love ignore czech republic anyways', 'rick steve love travel vicariously thank yo', 'great area stay holiday love s go austria great p ace stay', 'love germany love german european heart american man', 'love mary perinatally train acoustic functionally steer despite null llama gamy graceful cone', 'love beauty nature iam go germany', 'love germany soon god mercy glory', 'oh calm alle gute dutschland love sri lanka usa', 'rick love europe', 'love pfalz river rhine', 'get spend week summer love', 'love phony way night watchman try sound american', 'rick steve bacharach year month pry trade herr junge alive love meet see walk post hof sad proprietor pass year ago nt open', 'night watchman weed dealer love', 'love watch rick steve travel video public tv know watch anytime phone love', 'hi sir rick vlog amazing watch vlog europe diff kind history country europe nice vlog', 'great work rick steve europe historic work greenery love europe', 'love place', 'live germany year love like fairy tale gummi bear yum pfennig', 'love rick steve real misrepresentation light extremely right wing person deutsche eck koblenz essence germany exactly place commemorate nazi song like die wacht rhein casablanca fame song drown viktor laszlo start marsellaise', 'love country stay correct castle start rhine st rothenburg locate', 'love rothenburg', 'hug heart germany love lot philippine', 'love germany want visit maybe stay german french english royal blood want learn german french language practice tai chi', 'lose herritage war want loose medieval building protect denkmalschutz prohibit change appearance repair original technique material place remind well time nazi year justly pay life land destruction identity love care', 'love ruthenburg close ansbacj romantisch vier live minute city wurzburg weekend occasionally day tour awesome make justice thing rick steve forget mention ruthenburg trace origin ancient roman settlement', 'notice rick give intinate tour face rick talk scenery love video', 'thank professional love clip', 'love germany bucket list grandparent grow', 'love germany beautiful place heart europe', 'love video sister inlaw live ln koblenz long bear germany homeland heimatland', 'love germany homeland dad', 'hi rick steve europe come bangladesh', 'love life want travel europe like', "00 go today backpack europe month go place steve ' europe watch year inspire thank steve ' europe inspiration traveller", 'ur presentation comprehensive n interesting way steve think watch countless ur rick steve europe thank n hope ur rest desire', 'love visit europe day', 'thank love video', 'rick president love germany', 'love rick steve channel beautifull', 'know video pop recommend video sure happy love learn castle history separate story tell time build thank great video', 'nice want rothenberg go past drive river koblen thank alot share love', 'love rothenberg amazing video cruise rhine dream', 'rüdesheim august absolutely wonderful place marvelous cable car ride give spectacular view rhine vineyard downer souveni shop pick item like find china go straight shelf visit country buy souvenier china china like find local hand craft', 'beautiful castle scenery love thank', 'absoloutely beautiful love german', 'absolutely breath take love view', 'love germany beautiful place']


CLUSTER 4 (original 1 comments):
['President wow awesome beautiful awesome adventure great adventure adventure great 👍 beograhpy National beograhpy President National history biography perfect history wow beautiful castle 🏰 wow the book 📚 greatest adventure history excellent history beautiful adventure anyway have a nice day @']

CLUSTER 4 (processed 1 comments):
['president wow awesome beautiful awesome adventure great adventure adventure great beograhpy national beograhpy president national history biography perfect history wow beautiful castle wow book great adventure history excellent history beautiful adventure nice day']


CLUSTER 3 (original 1 comments):
['*_Revelation 13.13 He performs great signs, so that he even makes fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men. 14 And he deceives those who dwell on the earth by those signs which he was granted to do in the sight of the beast, telling those who dwell on the earth to make an image to the beast who was wounded by the sword and lived. 15 He was granted power to give breath to the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak and cause as many as would not worship the image of the beast to be killed. 16 He causes all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and slave, to receive a mark on their right hand or on their foreheads, 17 and that no one may buy or sell except one who has the mark or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.\r 18 Here is wisdom. Let him who has understanding calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man: His number is 666._*\r\n*_Matthew 11.28 Come to Me, all you who labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. 29 Take My yoke upon you and learn from Me, for I am gentle and lowly in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. 30 For My yoke is easy and My burden is light."_*\r\n*_Luke 19.10 for the Son of Man has come to seek and to save that which was lost.”_*\r\n_Only Jesus Christ saves.  Repent and be saved.  Jesus Christ loves you.  God bless you, and peace be upon you and your family in the name of Jesus Christ..._']

CLUSTER 3 (processed 1 comments):
['revelation 13 perform great sign make fire come heaven earth sight man deceive dwell earth sign grant sight beast tell dwell earth image beast wound sword live grant power breath image beast image beast speak cause worship image beast kill cause small great rich poor free slave receive mark right hand forehead buy sell mark beast number wisdom let understanding calculate number beast number man number matthew 28 come labor heavy laden rest yoke learn gentle lowly heart find rest soul yoke easy burden light luke 10 son man come seek save lose jesus christ save repent save jesus christ love god bless peace family jesus christ']


